my name is Rachel and I was adopted when
I was nine months old
tragically about three months after I
was born my mom actually committed
suicide and ended her life and I never
had the chance to know her at about nine
months old the story that I was told was
that my birth father was stricken with
grief and he just didn't feel that he
was the best person to raise me so I've
always wanted the opportunity to tell
him that he made a good decision because
I've been so happy in my new life I was
really inspired by this documentary
called somewhere between which is a
group of adoptive children who were
adopted from China these four girls
specifically and they really went
through a lot of the things that I
experienced being a Korean adoptee into
a Caucasian family where they were sort
of stuck between two cultures this was
about three or four weeks ago that I did
I saw this documentary and I just
decided that I'm gonna go for it my name
is Mark mace I'm Rachel's husband
she's been really searching for them for
a long time but she she hasn't really
searched for them as deeply as she has
for the last three weeks she's made a
Facebook page she's went to every single
address that we could find we went to
every Church in the area in about an
hour we're gonna meet Rachel's
biological family and I I still can't
really believe that this is gonna happen
so we visited my grandmother's house and
the first thing we see when we pull up
are all these Korean people in the front
yard and we pull into our parking space
and everybody runs in the front door and
my grandmother came to the door and she
looked a little stunned but happy to see
me nonetheless seeing my grandmother
walk through the door and greet us and
be excited to greet us
meant the world to me there was a
houseful of people there were my two
aunts two uncles my grandmother spouses
cousins their spouses and their children
and it was the most amazing incredible
experience of my entire life thank you
for this day and thank you for bringing
all of our family here together and
thank you so much so much for bringing
our cousin Rachel here to be with us and
please let us really grow in you and
really be one in you in the name of
Jesus we pray amen everyone really
embraced us and just shared that they
were so glad to finally meet me in
Korean culture they give watches well
actually you're supposed to give a watch
to the person you're getting married to
and they were saying so since you guys
didn't know we just got you both watches
it's customary to give the newlyweds new
bed linens and sheets and things so they
gave us this beautiful Korean blanket
and my grandmother said that in Korean
culture the bride's mom typically gives
you pearls for your wedding and she was
saying that since your mom isn't here
she wanted to be able to give them to me
from her one really amazing part of the
night was being ushered into my
grandmother's kitchen and her showing me
a picture of my biological mom this is
the first time that I had ever seen a
picture of my mom before and it's
definitely a memory that I'm gonna keep
forever my aunt said we've made you a
Korean name and I was really excited and
they said that your Korean name is say
yeah sure nothing cry or a whole lot Oh
grandma said she's really really happy
the fact that you know you turned out so
well and your family so things in
Christian and she's really just happy
for that said God there he helped us
she's the cutest little old lady that
I've ever seen in my entire life and I
look just like her my grandmother has
said that getting me back and the family
is like getting my mom back through me